The first question from your assignment asks about the difference between code and an executable file, and the steps to convert C code to an executable file, including the `gcc` commands for the intermediate steps. Here's an explanation:

1. Difference Between Code and an Executable File:

Code (Source Code): This is the human-readable set of instructions written in a programming language, such as C. In this case, the code is saved with a '.c' extension. For example:
    #include <stdio.h>
    int main() {
        printf("Hello, World!");
        return 0;
    }

Executable File: After the source code is compiled, it is transformed into a binary file that can be run by the operating system. The binary file contains machine-level instructions that the computer’s CPU can execute directly. In Linux, this file typically has no extension or an '.out' extension, while in Windows, it usually has a '.exe' extension.

2. Steps to Convert a C Code to an Executable File:

Step 1: Preprocessing
   - The source code is first processed by the preprocessor. This step handles directives like '#include' and '#define', expanding macros and including header files in the code.
     
     gcc -E filename.c -o filename.i

     This generates an intermediate file `filename.i` which contains the preprocessed code.

Step 2: Compilation
   - The preprocessed code is then compiled into assembly language.
     
     gcc -S filename.i -o filename.s
     
     This step generates an assembly file `filename.s` containing low-level assembly code.

Step 3: Assembly
   - The assembly code is then converted into machine code (object file).

     gcc -c filename.s -o filename.o

     This creates an object file `filename.o` which is not yet executable.

Step 4: Linking
   - The object files are linked together along with any necessary libraries to create the final executable file.

     gcc filename.o -o executable_name

     This generates the final executable file `executable_name` that can be run on the system.